Add a FAQ section of repository connection limitation (#2043)
vercel/docs: pages/docs/v2/platform/frequently-asked-questions.mdx

Project names can only consist of up to 100 alphanumeric lowercase characters. Hyphens can be used in between the name, but never at the start or end.

> ## Repository Connection Limitation

Reviewer: This sounds like it should be added to the Limitations page here: https://vercel.com/docs/v2/platform/limits

> A Git Repository cannot be connected to more than 20 Projects on Vercel, not including deleted ones.

Reviewer: > not including deleted ones

Is this referring to deleted Projects or deleted Repositories?

Author: @styfle deleted Projects

Reviewer: I would almost think its better to remove this line "not including deleted ones" because this is the behavior I would expect as a user. If it delete the Vercel Project, I wouldn't expect the "link" to be lingering there.

Instead, we should make this message actionable. Something like:

> In order to connect another Project, please disconnect or delete an existing Vercel Project connected to this repository by visiting <URL>

Do we have a page to list all Projects connected to a single Repository?

## Repository Connection Limitation

> A Git Repository cannot be connected to more than 20 Projects on Vercel (not including deleted Projects). So your Pull Requests will have a reasonable length of comments and deployments.

Reviewer: I don't think we should start a sentence with "So"

```suggestion
A Git Repository cannot be connected to more than 20 Projects on Vercel (not including deleted Projects) so that Pull Requests will have a reasonable length of comments and deployments.
```

Author: Thanks!

> You can disconnect one of the connected Projects to connect a new Project to the repository, if you have reached the limitation.

Reviewer: This sentence is overwhelming to me.

```suggestion
If you have reached the limitation and would like to connect a new Project to the repository, you will need to disconnect an existing Project from the same repository.
```
